The golden lock is the only token I recognize with my daughter
Cannot be taken away
What? Enough?
If you don't pay me back
I'll take your sister away now.
big brother
When he married into my family
With a straight door
Just gold
Then hurry up and find it.
Wait a minute.
I, I, I'll find it for you, I'll find it for you.
No, oops.
No
Not really. No, actually.
Brother, he was just about to run away
Top gifter must be lying on him
Tell me where you hid the emergency lock
Even if I die, I won't tell you where I died
Son, take off this dress, remember
Stop! Don't touch me
Do not touch me
If the golden lock is stolen by him
My daughter will never find me again
Hide here
No.